---
layout: post
title: "Black History Month '23"
date: 2023-01-31 12:00:00 -0400
categories: updates-personal
---
<div class="feed" markdown="1">
 [For my email subscribers, please click here](https://niaapps.github.io/niaapps-blog/updates-personal/{{page.date | date:"%Y/%m/%d/"}}{{page.slug}}.html "Link to this post")
</div>

Hello Readers!
If you follow me on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/niaapplications/" target="_blank" title="NiaApps on Instagram">instagram,</a> some of this post might feel like a repeat. I do highlight things that did not make it onto the platform, so there is something new, keep reading!

This month I have been highlighting Black History, most of which I was not taught in school, but either at home from family or discovering on my own. Speaking of family, I want to start this post off by honoring some family who made history in their own ways.

My grandfather is someone I did not get to know because he passed before I was born. I have been told he was a great musician and music teacher. A writer in his spare time and a kind husband to my grandmother whom I did get to know. Clarence Williams was a music teacher at Lehamn HS 



My grandmother, Suzanne Elaine Williams, whom I miss dearly was one of the few Black nurses at the hospital she worked at. She always loved to help people, and I like to think I got that altruism from her. She also went on "night-rides" preparing food and other necessities in packets, and then with others in the community distributing them to the homeless. Suzanne traveled in her lifetime and loved to garden. When my father refused to get a real job, despite having a newly-wed wife and child (me), my grandmother allowed us to stay in her home. My childhood home is a place with both 